README.md, before:

jambel
======

three color signal light for monitoring software build status


Getting started
---------------
The project is built with [Gradle](http://www.gradle.org/). Use the commited Gradle wrapper script to obtain Gradle. Type `./gradlew tasks` to get an overview of executable Gradle tasks. The task `distZip` is used to build a ZIP file that can be distributed.


Configuration
-------------
The file `/etc/jambel.json` is used for configuring the Jambel. All jobs that are mapped onto this Jambel are listed in `jobs`. The signal light configuration includes the following items:
- the position of the green light (`top` vs. `bottom`)
- the host and port of the signal light
- the timeout that is used when waiting for a reply and upon establishing a TCP connection
Furthermore, the port of the web interface can be configured.

The app must be started within the jambel folder with the command `bin/jambel`.

Web UI
------
The web interface of the Jambel can be found at `http://<HOSTNAME>:<HTTP-PORT>/web/`. It can be used to see the last statuses of the jobs, the last sent configuration of the signal light and to reset the signal light.


TODO
----
Here is a list of ideas what to improve:
- Poll mode if push notifications cannot be made to the jambel (e.g. SZ, Anton!)
- control multiple signal lights and offer a flexible configuration from jobs to signal lights
- WebSocket for web UI to monitor the build status in the browser in real time
- retry sending signal light command after 5 seconds when connection was refused upon the first try (happens from time to time)
- set up application task of Gradle to generate start scripts for a daemon process (maybe using http://gradle.org/docs/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.application.CreateStartScripts.html)

Commit message:

keeping alive the signal light
continuously sending current state now so that even after switching off and on the signal light, it will display the current state as soon as it is reachable again

README.md, after:

jambel
======

three color signal light for monitoring software build status


Getting started
---------------
The project is built with [Gradle](http://www.gradle.org/). Use the commited Gradle wrapper script to obtain Gradle. Type `./gradlew tasks` to get an overview of executable Gradle tasks. The task `distZip` is used to build a ZIP file that can be distributed.


Configuration
-------------
The file `/etc/jambel.json` is used for configuring the Jambel. All jobs that are mapped onto this Jambel are listed in `jobs`. The signal light configuration includes the following items:
- the position of the green light (`top` vs. `bottom`)
- the host and port of the signal light
- the timeout that is used when waiting for a reply and upon establishing a TCP connection
- the interval after which the current light status is resent in order to keep the signal light alive. Thus, the signal light can be switched off and on again and receive a new status update without a new build needing to happen
Furthermore, the port of the web interface can be configured.

The app must be started within the jambel folder with the command `bin/jambel`.

Web UI
------
The web interface of the Jambel can be found at `http://<HOSTNAME>:<HTTP-PORT>/web/`. It can be used to see the last statuses of the jobs, the last sent configuration of the signal light and to reset the signal light.


TODO
----
Here is a list of ideas what to improve:
- control multiple signal lights and offer a flexible configuration from jobs to signal lights
- WebSocket for web UI to monitor the build status in the browser in real time
- set up application task of Gradle to generate start scripts for a daemon process (maybe using http://gradle.org/docs/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.application.CreateStartScripts.html)
